Shaggy Walnut Moose

Invalid

# Incorrect Order of Operations Allows Unauthorized Withdrawals

### Summary

 The [`_withdraw function`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2025-01-peapods-finance/blob/main/contracts/contracts/LendingAssetVault.sol#L176) contains a critical vulnerability. The _totalAssets are decremented before the availability check. This effectively bypasses the intended check, allowing unauthorized withdrawals of assets.


### Root Cause

The root cause of the`_withdraw vulnerability` is a simple logical error in the order of operations.  Specifically, the assets (_assets) are deducted from the total available assets (_totalAssets) before the check is performed to ensure that sufficient assets are available (_totalAvailable >= _assets).

```
 function _withdraw(uint256 _shares, uint256 _assets, address _owner, address _caller, address _receiver) internal {
        if (_caller != _owner) {
            _spendAllowance(_owner, _caller, _shares);
        }
        uint256 _totalAvailable = totalAvailableAssets();
        _totalAssets -= _assets;

        require(_totalAvailable >= _assets, "AV");
        _burn(_owner, _shares);
        IERC20(_asset).safeTransfer(_receiver, _assets);
        emit Withdraw(_owner, _receiver, _receiver, _assets, _shares);
    }

```

Intended Logic: The intended logic is to first check if there are enough available assets to cover the withdrawal and then, if the check passes, deduct the withdrawn assets from the total.

Actual Logic: The actual code first deducts the assets and then performs the check. This means the check is performed against a value of _totalAssets that has already been reduced by the withdrawal amoun


### Internal Pre-conditions

_No response_

### External Pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Complete Loss of Funds:   a malicious actor can call the _withdraw function repeatedly

Bypass of Intended Security: The availability check is a fundamental security mechanism meant to prevent over-withdrawal. Bypassing it renders this crucial control useless

Unauthorized Access

Reputational Damage:  If exploited, this vulnerability would cause significant financial losses for users and severely damage the reputation of the contract and the project associated with it.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

correct the order of operations.  The availability check must happen before the assets are deducted

```
function _withdraw(uint256 _shares, uint256 _assets, address _owner, address _caller, address _receiver) internal {
    if (_caller != _owner) {
        _spendAllowance(_owner, _caller, _shares);
    }
    uint256 _totalAvailable = totalAvailableAssets();

    require(_totalAvailable >= _assets, "AV"); // Check availability FIRST

    _totalAssets -= _assets; // THEN decrease total assets
    _burn(_owner, _shares);
    IERC20(_asset).safeTransfer(_receiver, _assets);
    emit Withdraw(_owner, _receiver, _receiver, _assets, _shares);
}
```