Shaggy Walnut Moose

Invalid

# addLeverageFromTkn may Bonds Incorrect Token Due to Hardcoded _podAssets[0]

### Summary

The `addLeverageFromTkn function`  in   `LeverageManager.sol` allows a user to initiate adding leverage using a specific amount of a token.  However, the underlying `_bondToPod function` always bonds the first token listed in the pod's assets (_podAssets[0].token), completely disregarding the token the user intended to use.

The Vulnerability:

This mismatch between the user's intended token and the token actually bonded creates a critical vulnerability.  A user can intend to use a valuable token for leverage, but due to the hardcoded _podAssets[0].token in `_bondToPod`, a less valuable (or even worthless) token might be bonded instead, leading to a loss of funds for the user.

### Root Cause

The hardcoded token selection within the [`_bondToPod function`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2025-01-peapods-finance/blob/main/contracts/contracts/lvf/LeverageManager.sol#L569). 
 Specifically, 
the line
 ```
IERC20 _tkn = IERC20(_podAssets[0].token); 
```

 `addLeverageFromTkn function` is designed to allow the user to specify which token they want to use for bonding to the pod.

_bondToPod's Behavior:  _bondToPod function ignores the user's intended token.  It always uses the token at index 0 of the _podAssets array (_podAssets[0].token).

By always using the first token in the list, no matter what token the user wants to use.  It's a logical error

### Internal Pre-conditions

_No response_

### External Pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Direct Loss of Funds:  This is the most significant impact. If a pod contains multiple tokens, and the token at _podAssets[0] is not the token the user intended to use (and is perhaps less valuable), the user will effectively lose value.  Their intended token will be transferred, but a different, less valuable token will be bonded to the pod.  This is a direct financial loss for the user.

Unexpected Leverage Ratio: The user's leverage ratio will be calculated based on the incorrect token that was bonded


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a new parameter to addLeverageFromTkn to receive this token address.
Pass Token Address to _bondToPod:  The addLeverageFromTkn function should then pass this explicitly provided token address to the _bondToPod function.
